---
created: 2024-01-02 10:01
modified: 2024-01-02 10:01
---

# 2023-12-29 Status Update

## Course Development Projects

### W24

#### AEC 250

* Penny completed recordings through week 7, with two remaining weeks to record
* Charlie finished some homework recordings; one remaining

#### CCE 207

* Built Modules 7â€“10

#### CH 332

* Wrote up a detailed run-through of the remaining dependencies on Jeff to share during meeting, reviewed with Jeff. Also reviewed built content templates I had created, that I had been waiting for approval on (weekly discussions, etc)
* Imported assessments from S23 course.

#### CS 493

* Build modules 5â€“9 and assignments 5 & 6.
* Embedded course media, all recordings complete

#### CEM 372

* A "this calls for a [spreadsheet](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/9fyj04othtngj2ooo7hjn8wzz4lkyob6)" moment. CEM 372 media combined new Lightboards and lectures with several from the previously developed CE 372. The old lectures still had old course name, week names and a topic number that no longer applied. The media team didn't give us back the Lightboards to review until last week ([CEM 372 - W24 - Video - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1204895037910577/1205005600473281)). When I got them, some had title slides, some didn't. I went through every recording for CEM 372 with Amalesh. I renamed them in the Canvas site, as well as the accompanying slide decks, to ensure consistency and remove the confusion about the week, course number, etc. I then asked the media team if they could update the title slides for this course only to include the subject and name them consistently.
* Updated homeworks for weeks 1â€“6
* Built Modules 7-8

#### ME 383

* Finalized course with an HTML syllabus, some Home Page updates, final checks and import into live site. Added instructor information. Took another backup. Sent Wrap Up Email
* Sent Matt information on the Research Fellows Program

### S24

#### BDS 599

- no activity

#### CS 201

- no activity
#### CH 123

* I discussed an extension to U24 delivery with Karen when she asked if it was ok with me. I told her Marita had brought this up in a meeting with me this week. I am ok with it, it is a going to be a bit of a complex build. Slight concern that she will still run behind, but I know her Fall was nuts.
* Marita wants to use: https://labs.oregonstate.education/bc576c7b-dc66-403a-a91f-3532b8246daf/lab-techniques. It shows as no longer available. Sent Akira and Nick support request
#### SOC 280

* reviewed media intake recording for GeoCaching activity

#### CS 499 (CS 435)

#### NSE 515

* Sent in support request to media for access to the timeline site backend and a site that we could use to test

### U24

#### CS 290

* Discussed media needs

#### MAST 201

* Sent request for intake meeting

#### MB 302

* Sent request for intake meeting

#### NMC 3xx

* Sent request for intake meeting

## Non-Course Projects

### QM Pre Review

* Discussed GEOG 380 review with Katherine. This work is planned for me to start in two weeks.
## H5P Admin

* Setup H5P sites for GEO 387, NSE 515, and ENG 215

## LMS Coding Tools

* Updated [Toggle Buttons](https://docs.oregonstate.education/lmstools/togglers.html) to add mobile experience to generated code. (I needed this for CS 493)

### IDKB

* Wrote [Canvas Quizzes and Question Banks â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/canvas-quizzes-and-question-banks/). Needed to research for CH 332
* Wrote [Creating Question Banks from Quizzes â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/creating-question-banks-from-quizzes/), had Melanie review, and then updated based on her feedback.
* Created a support ticket to update WordPress instance
* Wrote new article: [Enabling Box Notifications for a Specific Folder â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/box-notifications/)
* Wrote [Adding Greek Letters in Canvas Without Using Latex â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/greek-letters/)

#LKAD
