---
created: 2023-11-21 15:11
modified: 2023-11-27 10:11
---

# 2023-11-23 Status Update

## Course Development Projects

### W24

#### AEC 250

* Shared update to requirements when developing courses approved with new CoreEd Outcomes
* Overview page updates for new Core Ed changes.
* Updates to course site, weekly banners through week 4
* Built all weekly reading quizzes
* Met with Penny to review the recording status and clarify file names and remaining recordings. I shared updates with Jana. Penny is recording lectures for this course and has completed only the lectures through week 4. Her graduate assistant is recording weekly problem-solution videos and has only completed one. Penny also said last week (for the first time) that she wants to do weekly overview videos. I told her not to expect Ecampus support for these. In two meetings, I shared the [AEC Media Tracking Sheet](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/q6f6zgpdtmkkrtkvst8n2v9awu3kohs1) and reiterated the deadlines. Her Graduate asked for an extension on the videos via email. I pushed back on this and cc'd you.

#### CCE 207

* Built Modules 1 and 2
* Built weekly banners
* Joe doesn't use many discussions, I wrote up some reasons he should, at least during week 1: [Building Course Community in an Introductory Discussion](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Building%20Course%20Community%20in%20an%20Introductory%20Discussion.md)

#### CH 332

* met with Media team to discuss handling of existing and new videos
* met with Kate to outline our next build steps, pulling content from another site into new template (me), and working with Jeff to solicit missing parts (Outcomes, etc.)

#### CS 493

* No activity this week. I will nudge the instructor as he is behind. He has delivered 5 modules, I have built 4.

#### CEM 372

* This course was built by merging modules from CE 372 for a consolidated 6 module course and then there are four new ones to build. Amalesh and I have done the merge, and now gone through every course page from those first six to identify several needed updates. The list includes replacing homeworks, updating slide deck names, reworking Learning Materials. He has now delivered modules 7â€“10 as well.

##### Media

We initially requested 10 Lightboard videos and 6 lectures. Amalesh completed the lightboards ahead of schedule and then let me know recently he was not planning on the lectures. He's eager to see the lightboards. I had requested updates in asana but haven't heard back. I just shared an email from Jason, seems to be some delay in the edits. Jason noted this morning (2023-11-27) that Ethan reported 6 out of 15 edits complete for Amaleshâ€™s course, some delay (miscommunication) on their part.

### S24

#### BDS 599

* Discussed final DOC assignment. Andrew has asked for a one-week extension
* Shared narrated lecture info, he'd already started. See [Lecture Recording Guidance](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Lecture%20Recording%20Guidance.md)
* Graded Week 4 & 5 DOC Sandbox Activities
* Shared information on Mastery Paths with Andrew, see updated Faculty Comms document [Canvas Mastery Paths](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Canvas%20Mastery%20Paths.md)

#### CS 201

* Graded Week 4 & 5 DOC Sandbox Activities

#### CH 123

* Check In Meeting held
* Marita has finished the ROC (was late)
* She has finished the DOC, been very busy this term and not done much more. She wanted (and now has) transcripts from earlier
* Put in media request for an H5P site (and asked to have it assigned to me)

#### SOC 280

* Had a consultation with Lori and Jason over Oral histories project. [Consultation with Media Notes](https://app.asana.com/0/1205742949072147/1205789554870161). Have a good plan going forward, VoiceThread and then once annual media support request for highlight reel (Jason's suggestion)
* Had a meeting with Nadia and Lori, to discuss Core Ed options. Lori is planning to submit this course to be in the Core Ed Social Sciences category. It is a new course, not currently Bacc Core. The approved CLOs and the activities planned are likely a good fit. We are going to keep the new outcomes in mind, in the background (and maybe in MLOs) to minimize rework when and if approved. Got some good advice from Nadia. Timelines on approval sound really unclear

#### CS 499 (CS 435)

* Graded Week 4 & 5 DOC Sandbox Activities

#### NSE 515

* No activity this week. Will reach out Monday to setup next check in and make sure she is ready to hit the ground running to finish the pending 40% of her content Winter term.

### Other

#### CCE 321

* Held a final handoff meeting with Jason Weiss to ensure readiness to launch in Winter
* I embedded the media that was not available when we wrapped up.
* Jason asked if Ecampus could help "advertise the course" I sent him several suggestions the marketing team shared on slack.
* I created as much of their syllabus as I can, compiling the list of learning materials in the course schedule and calculating the duration of the weekly videos. I have sent them instructions for publishing and adding final pieces only they can add.

## Non-Course Projects

### Faculty Communications Manual

New or updated this week:

* [Alt Text](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Alt%20Text.md)
* [Bookstore Order Form](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Bookstore%20Order%20Form.md)
* [Building Course Community in an Introductory Discussion](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Building%20Course%20Community%20in%20an%20Introductory%20Discussion.md)
* [Canvas Mastery Paths](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Canvas%20Mastery%20Paths.md)
* [Curated DOC Week 6 Discussion Feedback](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Curated%20DOC%20Week%206%20Discussion%20Feedback.md)
* [Proctoring](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Proctoring.md)

### IDKB

* Updated [Creative Commons (CC) & Public Domain Images â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/cc-image-and-graphics-collections/)

### Internship Program

* Scheduled ID Design Library interviews with six IDs for Julie
* Worked with Skye to fix a layout issues she had on Kate's course
* Both interns have a lot still on their plate. Skye is only one credit, Julie still has many ID interviews and then coding of results. I removed the blog post from their activities. Julie wants to come back next term. Chris and I support this.

### Sr. ID Responsibilities

* Reviewed blogpost from Dorothy

### Other

 * Week 6 DOC Facilitation: [Topic: Week 6 - Discussion: Setting Expectations and Balancing the Workload - DOC Discussion Group A](https://canvas.oregonstate.edu/groups/564991/discussion_topics/10441617) Continue to build up a collection of feedback for this topic that is proving helpful. See [Curated DOC Week 6 Discussion Feedback](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/0785f62ec482cf84bb63ea3e5ef0a593d570ed6a/Curated%20DOC%20Week%206%20Discussion%20Feedback.md)

#LKAD
