---
created: 2023-07-17 8:07
modified: 2024-01-29 10:01
---

# 2023-07-14 Status Update

## Non-Course Projects

### Internship Program

### Onboarding New IDs

* Met with Raul for Onboarding check-in and to go over the intern program (one of my orientation meetings with him)
* Happy to see Raul's using the new Asana template created from the [Course Development Project Tracking List](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/course-dev-task-list) in the IDKB

### Sr. ID Responsibilities

* Shared Quiz Settings Survey with Team at ID2ID

### AI Council

* Contacted several Software engineers I have worked with in the past and asked about AI in the workspace. Shared with AI Council Practical Strategies committee.
* Attended AI Sub-committee meeting

### OLC Conference

* Completed travel request for the conference

### H5P Admin

* Support provided to an instructor for H5P course site access (Kate's SOIL course)
* Added H5P sites from Media requests: CS 493, SUS 200, ME 330

### IDKB

* Updated [Bloomâ€™s Taxonomy Resources â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/blooms-taxonomy-resources/)

### Other

* Completed 2022-2023 Self Evaluation. This is wild: <https://chat.openai.com/share/ccf806db-8a9f-407f-9054-ab63a0919e89>. After several back and forths, ChatGPT Code Interpreter helped extract and summarize a year's status reports from markdown files.
* Shared a video grid Canvas LMS HTML code generation script with team (and shared a template). See this video of I am creating pages with grids of videos these days (and an offered to do the same for other IDs) <https://media.oregonstate.edu/media/t/1_rcxllwft>

## Course Development Projects

### S23

#### CCE 321

* Walked through [remaining tasks for completion](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/970z7aw9doi94zc8d37vrwdxlsp45ys4) with Jason and Burkan.

##### Media Updates

###### Lectures

[CCE 321 - S23 - CCE 321 - ASAP - Lecture - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1201910821346372/1203083553713348)

* I embedded the media I could and added a column for ID Notes to the [CCE 321 Media Tracking Sheet](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/5arqvsdnxwgihs35x088nxfceh9i3icj). Some videos I could not find, and some had access issues.
* I then chatted with Matt about the status of the lectures that are being processed. He has added an "Edit Progress" to the [CCE 321 Media Tracking Sheet](https://oregonstate.box.com/s/5arqvsdnxwgihs35x088nxfceh9i3icj). Weeks 7, 9 & 10 are still pending processing.

##### Videos

* [CCE 321 - S23 - CCE 321 - S23 - Video - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1201910821346372/1201910700233102)
* [CCE 321 - S23 - Linn Benton Lincoln ESD - CEM Training videos - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1201910821346372/1202803021653149)
* [CCE 321 - S23 - ARE 451 & CE 321 Ecampus Video - Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/1201910821346372/1202803016597331)

Drew sent Jason a note to Jason requesting video edit notes the footage for the video shot last summer. In response, Jason said he would edit them himself. Not sure, then when I will get them to embed.

#### SOC 481

* During delivery a problem was identified with the way a staged individual assignment was set up. It took me around 3.5 hours to understand the issue and resolve it, with Katherine's help. The write up is here: [Instructor Information About the Video Presentations: SOCIETY AND NATURAL RESOURCES (SOC_481_400_U2023)](https://canvas.oregonstate.edu/courses/1926140/pages/instructor-information-about-the-video-presentations?module_item_id=23439050). Essentially, I had setup a structure in Canvas meant to give class members different due dates to the same assignments in a staged project. I leveraged Canvas Groups to do this, and it didn't work as expected. The end results was having to manually resubmit the assignments for five students. The remaining students and assignments have been fixed.

### U23

#### AI 534

* Link fixes for issues that are a result of page renames Liang asked for

### F23

#### CEM 471

* No activity this week

#### CS 162H

* Tim was working with the media team this week. He recorded his remaining content for this course, including an intro video recorded at home.
* We reviewed his plans for discussions centering around social justice issues in software engineering. I provide several options in which students would have some voice in the topic selection.

#### CS 373

* Difficult check-in meeting (already discussed with you during our one-on-one). I have significant concerns about Bram finishing, no substantial progress over the past month. Bogged down with slide-design and over complicating the media recording process.
* Contrast issues in slides. Reviewed existing [Ecampus PowerPoint Templates](https://oregonstate.app.box.com/v/Ecampus-Slide-Templates). Walked through slide accessibility checks. Shared several resources to identify text and background colors that meet AA guidelines.
	* [Color Safe - accessible web color combinations](http://colorsafe.co/)
	* [Color contrast checker analyzer tool | Adobe Color](https://color.adobe.com/create/color-contrast-analyzer)
* Researched YouTube licensing because Bram wants to embed YouTube videos in his course for educational use?

#### SCLM 450/550

* Check-in Meeting. Rohan is behind. We reviewed the development schedule and materials deadlines. He is not planning on recording, so mostly behind for me. I identified some work I could do for him, and some I could outsource to student workers.
* Rohan has partially completed weeks 0-3 for his site, but wants to make updates to all before I build them. He plans to have this done when I return (and was relieved to have a few weeks without check-ins.)
* I did some accessibility work for week 2 materials

### W24

#### AEC 250

* Put together a Gradescope overview for instructors. Considering for paper-based exams
* Imported selected OpenStax content to their studio site
* Check in meeting. Discussed media needs and assignment structures. She wants to increase the number of lectures (significantly - discussed 600-minute cap)
* She wants to create Gradescope questions that combine text and graph answers. Spoke to Julie about this, since she has recently used a fillable Word Form to do this.

#### CCE 207

* No activity this week

#### CH 332

* Graded week 1 DOC assignment. Crowd sourced response, since it felt like it was lacking significant detail.

#### CS 493

* Check-in with Nauman. He has partially completed one module. Plans to have three by the next time we meet in August.
* Had a discussion about the Syllabus template and workflow for CS instructors. Steven Redfield sends out requirements for their tab-based syllabus every term. Nauman knows we also need one built on the template, but was looking for ways not to repeat information in both. Also mentioned that the syllabus boiler point language, the same every term (and for them in both spots) he wished could be linked to, rather than added every term for every class. Alternatively he suggested grouping the common language away from the course-specific language.
* Setup an H5P site for this course. <https://h5p.oregonstate.education/cs-493/wp-admin/>
* Markdown lessons for Nauman! Introduced image embedding, alt text. Showed him GitHub Markdown options.

#### CEM 372

* Prepped for Check-in Meeting
* Set up studio site
* Submitted media requests after deciding on media with Amalesh
* Amalesh has outlined the course structure and identified which parts from CE 372 he plans to use. I have moved those into a studio site, and now need to merge several modules.

#### NSE 515

* Discussed media strategy with Camille. After I demoed several things, she is interested in two student-generated timelines and one instructor-created one for learning materials.
* Media requests pending.

#LKAD
