---
created: 2024-02-26 13:02
modified: 2024-02-26 17:02
---

# Status

## Course Development Projects

### S24

#### AEC 250

- Completed the updates to the slide decks for five weeks and converted them to accessible PDFs. Still a few remaining tasks for me, but mostly waiting for Penny to deliver these final things.
- Penny still owes
	- discussion rubrics
	- midterm and final exams
	- review of homeworks**
	- a lowstakes Gradescope assignment

#### BDS 599

- Met with Andrew. All his content is now in the box. (An all at once dump)
- He is going to use Mastery Paths and Perusall

#### CS 201

- I met with Brian. He's begun delivering content, completing modules 3â€“7 for me to review.

#### SOC 280

- Worked on Start here section and course-level outcomes display
- Built Overview template pages for each module
- Met with Lori about missing content, she delivered modules 1 & 2. She believes she can catch up soon.
- Worked with Lori on staged project overview

#### NSE 515

- no activity this week

### U24

#### CH 123

- Built Module 1
- Transition meeting with Tianhong and Marita

#### CS 290

- no activity this week

#### CS 332/CS 499

- no activity this week

#### CS 372

- Media intake discussion

#### CS 464

- no activity this week

#### CS 561

- Chris is proving to be a little high-maintenance! His frequent requests seem to come with an expectation of ASAP completion. He prefers to communicate via teams. Here's what I have completed for him this week
	- Set up an H5P site
	- Grade his final DOC assignment and move it to the development site.
	- I followed up on his request to use a different video hosting service that I'm unfamiliar with. I have engaged Noah (his lecture coordinator), who in turn is working with Victor and Brad. I have shared some concerns over the audio quality with Noah.
	- Victor and Noah have asked to be added to his development site, so I did that. They are reviewing his video sample there.

#### MAST 201

- no activity this week

#### NMC 3xx

- no activity this week

## Non-Course Projects

### AI Faculty Forum Workshop

- Connected with Cub re: AI Workshop/scheduled meeting for Tuesday, February 27, 2024
- Started some high level project documentation

### Faculty Communications Manual

Mostly for me, but I have a growing collection of [Curated DOC Week 6 Discussion Feedback](https://github.com/mundorfd/faculty-comms/blob/94453e08348c76eac96f4e03542c3340473845ef/Curated%20DOC%20Week%206%20Discussion%20Feedback.md) on effective communication policies and managing workload. Several bits would be nice additions to sample faculty communication (whether or not they are in the DOC). It might be helpful to the team if we collected similar examples for all the DOC discussions we facilitate.

### H5P Admin

- Set up H5P site for CS 561: [Dashboard â€¹ CS 561 â€” WordPress](https://h5p.oregonstate.education/cs-561/wp-admin/)

### IDKB

- Wrote and shared [AI Tools and Resources â€“ IDKB ðŸ¦«](https://idkb.oregonstate.education/knowledge-base/ai-tools-and-resources/)

### Internship Program

- Julie has completed the definitions that distinguish the what and why of the IDDL, the IDKB, and the LADR.
- She is working on a blog post and will have a draft to me by Thursday

### Onboarding New IDs

- Onboarding Planning meeting with Cyndie and Laurie. Shared and updated the asana onboarding template
- Reached out to Danielle to discuss asana project (and add her to it) and confirm admin related activities.
- Reached out to Victor to discuss account access setup, he's completed these
- Created a asana project for Haley's Onboarding
- Reviewed with ID team plan for Orientation meetings
- Met with Laura Collins to give her an overview of the asana project, how to identify scheduling tasks and get her help setting the meetings up.

### Other

- Tianhong was having trouble working with columns an one of her course pages. She was trying to center columns of a responsive design. I took her code and updated it to work. It was a combination of using `style="margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;` on a `<div>` and making sure the total number of columns added up to 12 for each `grid-row`. She was very appreciative!
- Discussions with IT about Laptop battery
- Ashlee had asked to meet to discuss LADR project, including involving interns, and reducing the barrier to contribution. We came up with a workflow that should help quite a bit, stay tuned.

#LKAD
